Add NYC. Some other touchups. (#32)
elasticio/professional-services-best-practices: professional-services-development-guide.md

* Assertions should be done with [chai’s expect framework](https://www.chaijs.com/api/bdd/)
* Config values for integration tests should be read in with [dot-env](https://www.npmjs.com/package/dot-env)
* Spies, stubs & mocks should be done with [sinon.js](https://sinonjs.org/) (e.g. creating a mock emitter)
* Logging should be done using the logger provided by sailor. 

> * `nyc` should be used to identify automated test coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Istanbul's 'nyc' command-line-client](https://istanbul.js.org/) should be used to identify automated test coverage.
```
